More documentation fixes/rewrites (#201)
dappnode/DAppNodeDocs: docs/user/quick-start/first-steps.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# First steps with DAppNode
---
If you bought a DAppNode from our [store](https://shop.dappnode.io/), built your own custom NUC or installed DAppNode on a device you have lying around, theres a few steps you need to do in order start accessing your favorite chains.  

### First login

> The first time you access the [DAppNode UI](http://my.dappnode), you will be asked to create a new account on your DAppNode. You will need to supply a username and a password. We use the following password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time you access the [DAppNode UI](http://my.dappnode), you will be asked to create a new account on your DAppNode. You will need to supply a username and a strong password. We have the following password requirements:
```

Im not sure if this is what you meant but what it says doesnt make sense

Author: Yup, thats what I intended to write there, thanks for catching that!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Between **8 and 32** characters
```

**<font color="orange">Remote source</font>**: This option is the least decentralized option, as you'll have to trust the full nodes from us, the DAppNode maintainers, to provide you with accurate blockchain data. This uses next to no resources and is well suited for low-power devices or network/bandwidth-constrained networks.

Now that you know what each of the options are, it's your time to choose. We generally recommend the following set-up:

- Use the **Full Node** option (if your hardware and your bandwidth allows you to)
- Turn on `Use remote during syncing or errors` on the bottom left
- Select one of the clients listed in the dropdown menu. All of them are tested options . If you need help choosing, you can take a look at the [Ethereum Foundation Website regarding 'Execution clients'](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#advantages-of-different-implementations) 

<p align="center">
    <img src="../../../../img/first_steps_2.png"/>
</p>

### Automatic System Updates

> The next window will ask you about automatic system updates. If you turn on this option, your DAppNode will be updated automatically when it detects that there is a new version published to the official DAppNode repositories. Roughly 24 hours after your DAppNode recognizes that there is a new version, it will start the upgrade to the new version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next window will ask you about automatic package updates for all packages, *core packages have automatic updates enabled by default,* If you enable this option, all your installed DAppNode will be updated automatically when it detects that there is a new version published to the official DAppNode repositories. Roughly 24 hours after your DAppNode recognizes that there is a new version, it will start the update to the new version.  
```

> The DAppNode maintainers **strongly** recommend you leave this option enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DAppNode team **strongly** recommends you leave this option enabled.

⚠️ Note: Major system upgrades will still require manual updating, even with Auto Updates enabled for all packages.
```
